[MUSIC]
In this lecture, we'll talk about Twython
and how it responds when you filter and
you actually detect a tweet that contains
whatever string you're looking for,
how do you respond to that?
So we're using this TwythonStreamer
class to do the filtering, right?
To search through the stream for
a string that you want to find or
a hashtag you want to find,
something like that.
So, in order to do this,
to do what we need,
first we're going to define a new class,
okay?
Our own homemade class that
extends TwythonStreamer.
So what we mean by extend is that
it's a subclass of TwythonStreamer.
So that means, whatever data and
whatever methods TwythonStreamer has,
our new class will have those methods.
It'll inherit those, okay.
So we define that, so we'll make a class,
call it MyStreamer for
the lack of a better name.
And in parenthesis you put TwythonStreamer
to say, look we want to inherit,
we want to extend TwythonStreamer.
So MyStreamer now has all the same
stuff that TwythonStreamer had.
And you might ask, well why would I make
a new class if it's just going to inherit
everything that TwythonStreamer had?
Well the reason why is because you want to
be able to redefine some of the methods of
TwythonStreamer.
So TwythonStreamer has a set of methods,
and with certain names, and
we want to redefine some of those.
Okay, to do something different.
So by making this new class, MyStreamer
and extending it from TwythonStreamer,
we get all the original methods and data,
but we could change them if we want to.
So that's exactly what we're going to do,
one in particular, actually.
So now, you're going to define a method,
or really redefine a method,
called on_success() inside your new class.
So TwythonStreamer has this on_success().
But you are going to redefine
that to our own thing.
Now, note that this on_success()
is called a callback, okay?
Now callback, we've actually talked about
this a little bit before with GUIs.
A callback is basically a function
that's not called by your code directly,
it's called as a result of something
else outside of your code occurring.
So when you're talking with graphic user
interfaces, a callback is usually used,
like say you click on a button,
then you want something to happen, right?
So that something that's going to happen,
you write a function for that.
And that function is called whenever
a human clicks on a button, okay?
So it is outside of the program's
direct control, right?
You don't know when a human's
going to click on the button.
But when they do, the callback is invoked.
The function that is a callback,
associated with that button
click that is invoked, okay?
So that's the general idea of a callback.
There is some event outside of your code.
And you don't know when
it's going to occur.
When it occurs, then the callback
fuction associated is called.
So on_success() is a callback,
on_success() is called
when a tweet is found that matches
the criteria you're looking for.
So remember we talked about
this filter function, right?
And we'll show this again.
But we talked about this
statuses.filter method, right?
When this method detects that a string is
found in a tweet, in the stream that it's
examining, then when it detects that,
it calls on_success().
So this on_success() method, or function
of method that you're going to define,
you want this on_success() method to be,
to
describe whatever you want to do when you
find a tweak that matches your criteria.
So if you're looking for
a tweak that says Harris in it, right?
What are you going to do once you find it?
You find it, what do you do?
Maybe you print the tweet.
Maybe you say, I found it.
Maybe you do some processing on it.
Who knows, right?
So on_success() is describing
whatever you want to have
happen once the criteria
are mashed by a filter operation.
So you're going to have to redefine
on_success() to do whatever you want.
So for instance,
in our very simple on_success() call back,
we're just going to say def on_success.
Oh and by the way,
this def is inside my new class, okay?
It's got to be inside my class.
If it's not inside my class,
this won't work.
So what that would mean is it literally
would be indented inside the definition of
my streamer class, right?
So I define on_success(),
it takes, well apparently,
it takes two arguments, self and data.
And all it's doing is if text in data,
then print found it.
Okay, so, well first let me
say what these arguments are.
Notice it takes two arguments.
Any method that you define inside a class,
the first argument is always self, okay?
That self is the object itself.
The object that this on_success()
method was called from, okay?
Right now,
we're not going to worry about that, okay?
Now it's an argument to
the on_success() method.
But it's an implicit argument, meaning it
looks like on_success() has two arguments.
But, if you were to call on_success(), you
would write code that calls on_success().
It's because the callback, we won't, but
if you were to write the code that calls
on_success() you would call it
with one argument, only the data,
the self gets passed automatically.
So it's an implicit argument.
But, and now this data that's returned.
The datas a real argument, now,
this data is a dictionary, okay?
Now we haven't talked exactly about
dictionary, but basically a dictionary
is a bunch of data with a bunch of tags,
named tags next to it, okay?
And this dictionary,
it contains the information about
the tweet that triggered on_success().
So say I was looking for
the string Harris,
then data would represent all
the information inside that string,
that tweet,
that contained the word Harris in it.
Now when I say it represents it, what
happened is the different pieces of that
tweet are put into different
parts of the dictionary.
But all the information in that
tweet are in this dictionary,
in different fields of the dictionary,
okay?
Now the field that we're
interested is the text field.
The text field of the dictionary,
it actually has the text, the string,
of the tweet.
So that's why, if you look at the code,
it says if 'text' in data.
So if this data actually has text
of any kind, then print found it.
And then that's all I'm doing.
So it's a very simple function.
So yeah, the text field of data
is the matching tweet itself.
And that's just a very simple
on_success() function.
Thank you.
[MUSIC]